I had to pay it back.
Born unraised
Broken hair can be returned.
Born to Raise
Decapitation is refundable
Raise for life
Pepsi Difficult to Pay Back
Today I will repay my father and mother
To repay your kindness to me
From now on, you and I will be righteous
One part and two widths
No more mother-daughter relationship
Ah!
From now on
I will only remember
You gave birth to me and raised me
Raise me up
No more mother
daughter
It's all dad
If only Dad had any promise back then
I won't let your mother run away with another man
Since the mother-daughter relationship has been severed
Then get out of here
Don't play women's love in front of me
If you don't go
I can have the security call someone to hit you
We don't talk to them either.
VIP time is coming soon
Get out of here
Throw this crap out for me
Who ate the gall of the ambitious leopard?
Dare to touch my guest
Gecko Mr. Yang